Improve examples (#25)
ggciag/mandyoc: examples/continental_rift/README.md

The initial temperature structure is only depth dependent and is 0 ºC at the surface and 1300 ºC at the base of the lithosphere at 130 km.
Please, see the `generate_input_files.py` to check out how the initial temperature structure in the interior of the lithosphere is obtained.

To avoid artifacts created by a homogeneous rheology, a random perturbation of the initial strain in each finite element of the model (e.g. Brune et al., 2014) is applied.
This random perturbation follows a normal distribution in which the mean initial strain is 0.25 with a standard deviation of 0.08.
Additionally, to ensure the nucleation of rifting at the center of the numerical domain,
a weak seed (e.g. Huismans and Beaumont, 2003) is present in the lithospheric mantle with a constant initial strain of 0.3.

## How to run this example

### Generate the input files

To generate the interface, velocity, temperature and parameter file, you need to run `generate_input_file.py` as:
```
python generate_input_files.py
```

### Run the model

Now, you can run the model as:
```

> ~/petsc/arch-label-optimized/bin/mpirun -n number_of_cores ../../mandyoc -seed 0,2 -strain_seed 0.0,1.0 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
${PETSC_DIR}/${PETSC_ARCH}/bin/mpirun -n number_of_cores ../../mandyoc -seed 0,2 -strain_seed 0.0,1.0
```

```

> __You have to change `number_of_cores`.__
> 
> 
> Or you can use the script called `run.sh` to run it using 8 cores:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__You have to change `number_of_cores`.__ If `PETSC_DIR` and `PETSC_ARCH` environment variables are not defined, you must adjust the path to _mpirun_ accordingly.

Or you can use the script called `run.sh` to run it. __Remember to update the `NUMBER_OF_CORES`__ variable in the script.
```
